Hi! I'm going to walk you through My Virtual Cookbook. An app for organizing recipes. First, I'm going to log in to my account.
I want to add a new recipe for banana bread. I don't have a bread chapter yet.
I could add one using the Add Chapter button, but instead I'll create it when I add the recipe.
This is actually a dessert, so I'll move it to the desserts chapter.
This chapter is empty now, so I don't need it anymore.
This is a really good dessert, so I want to move it to the top of the chapter.
You know, I always forget to add extra chocolate chips. I'll make a note about that here.
And I make desserts a lot, so I'll move that chapter to the top of the cookbook.
Ah, I want to find that banana bread recipe again. I think I gave it the wrong name.
There's a menu here where I can edit the recipe. The menu is also on the main page, but I'll just edit it here.
As you can see, My Virtual Cookbook makes it easy to organize your recipes and keep notes for them. Give it a try! I'm off to make this banana bread.